Run workflow updates for saved cloud plans (#433)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/run/cli.mdx

- `terraform plan` starts a [speculative plan][] in a Terraform Cloud workspace, using configuration files from a local directory. You can quickly check the results of edits (including compliance with Sentinel policies) without needing to copy sensitive variables to your local machine.

  Speculative plans work with all workspaces, and can co-exist with the [VCS-driven workflow](/terraform/cloud-docs/run/ui).

- `terraform apply` starts a standard plan and apply in a Terraform Cloud workspace, using configuration files from a local directory.

  Remote `terraform apply` is for workspaces without a linked VCS repository. It replaces the VCS-driven workflow with a more traditional CLI workflow.

- `terraform plan -out <FILE>` and `terraform apply <FILE>` perform a two-part [saved plan run](/terraform/cloud-docs/run/modes-and-options.mdx#saved-plans) in a Terraform Cloud workspace, using configuration files from a local directory; the first command performs and saves the plan, and the second command applies it. You can use `terraform show <FILE>` to inspect a saved plan.

    Like remote `terraform apply`, remote saved plans are for workspaces without a linked VCS repository.

>     -> **Version note:** Saved plans require at least Terraform CLI v1.6.0.

Author: Bah, I wonder why that's not working? Those callouts were always fiddly in their old implementation, I guess I should expect they're fiddly in the new implementation as well. 

🤔 Hmm, let's just do a textual version note here without the callout. 

```suggestion
    Saved plans require at least Terraform CLI v1.6.0.
```

[permissions-citation]: #intentionally-unused---keep-for-maintainers

## Remote Saved Plans

-> **Version note:** Saved plans require at least Terraform CLI v1.6.0.

In workspaces that support `terraform apply`, you also have the option of performing the plan and apply as separate steps, using the standard variations of the relevant Terraform commands:

- `terraform plan -out <FILE>` will perform and save a plan.
- `terraform apply <FILE>` will apply a previously saved plan.
- `terraform show <FILE>` (and `terraform show -json <FILE>`) will inspect a previously saved plan.

> Saved plan runs are halfway between speculative plans and standard plan and apply runs. They allow you to:

Author: This garbled the flow of the sentence a bit, but sure, I'm down with adding a link. 

```suggestion
Saved plan runs are halfway between [speculative plans](#remote-speculative-plans) and standard [plan and apply runs](#remote-applies). They allow you to:
```

- Perform cheap exploratory plans, while retaining the option of applying a specific plan once you are satisfied with your work.
- Perform other tasks in your terminal between the plan and apply stages.
- Perform the plan and apply operations on separate machines (as is common in continuous integration workflows).

Saved plans become _stale_ once the state they were planned against is no longer valid (usually due to a different run being applied). In Terraform Cloud, stale saved plan runs are automatically detected and discarded. When examining a remote saved plan, the `terraform show` command (without the `-json` option) will inform you if a plan has been discarded or is otherwise unable to be applied.

### File Contents and Permissions

In order to abide by Terraform Cloud's permissions model, remote saved plans do not use the same local file format as locally executed saved plans; instead, they are a thin reference to a remote run, and Terraform CLI relies on authenticated network requests to inspect and apply remote plans. This helps avoid the accidental exposure of credentials or other sensitive information.

> The `terraform show -json` command requires workspace admin permissions when performed with a remote saved plan; this is because the [machine-readable JSON plan format](/terraform/internals/json-format) contains unredacted sensitive information (alongside redaction hints for use by systems that consume the format). The human-readable version of `terraform show` receives pre-redacted information, so it only requires the read runs permission.

Author: This garbles the meaning somewhat, since `show` doesn't peform the plan, so:

```suggestion
The `terraform show -json` command requires [workspace admin permissions](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#workspace-admins) to inspect a remote saved plan; this is because the [machine-readable JSON plan format](/terraform/internals/json-format) contains unredacted sensitive information (alongside redaction hints for use by systems that consume the format). The human-readable version of `terraform show` only requires the read runs permission, because it uses pre-redacted information.
```

[permissions-citation]: #intentionally-unused---keep-for-maintainers

> Locally executed saved plans cannot be applied in a remote Terraform Cloud workspace, and remote saved plans cannot be applied locally.

Author: Hmm, good thinking. I'll do this one in a separate commit, since moves are a bad fit for the gh suggestions interface.
